Sifer Aseph
https://github.com/ryra

This is a compiled list of toy ideas that I found on the internet. I have either coded or know how to in Python and decided to move on.

1.) RPG Character Sheet Generator
For mage, have higher range in mg than str and agi.
For warrior, have higher range in str than agi and mg.
For rogue, have higher range in agi than str and mg.
This sets the base for characters. 

2.) "Who am I?" / Name Art
This program displays the first and last name. This is basically the same as creating an art by generating ASCII. It's very time consuming. Great for absolute beginners.

3.) Variables
Make a variable. Store value into said variable. Display variable. Same as #2. Very good for beginner.

4.) Circling
Import math to use pi. From there, calculate the formula of the area and perimeter (circumference) of a circle.

5.) Temperature
Get temperature in Fahrenheit from user then convert and display in Celsius.

6.) Head or Tail
Import random to use randint. Basically a coin toss program.

7.) Rock-Paper-Scissors
Good way to test the student on the use of if-elif-else. Ask user to pick one. The opponent is a computer. Use randint (from random) to generate the computer's choice(s).

8.) Apparently according to an article on Business Insider, this is a question Google asked: “Write a function with the following specification: Input: a list. Output: a copy of the list with duplicates removed.”

It seems simple enough. Since it’s just a matter of taking each element and checking for duplicate before moving onto the next element, it is O(n^2). Just set each element to a variable in increment. It ends when your variable is equal to the last element in the set or list. 

If I understand right, it also asks for a copy, I am assuming we need the original untouched, then just make a copy of the original, leaving the original untouched. Just work on the copied version and take it from there.

http://www.businessinsider.com/how-to-get-a-google-internship-and-job-2015-5

9.) Calculator


